---
pagetitle: HCDD 340 — 2025-12-11
date-meta: 2025-12-11
author-meta: Saeed Abdullah (saeed@psu.edu)
revealjs-url: ../reveal.js
theme: hcdd340-dark
slideNumber: true
hash: true
hashOneBasedIndex: true
highlightjs: true
highlightjs-theme: dracula
---

## Final submission II

---

### Next todos — Almost there!
* Final submission (12/15)
* Mandatory group review (12/16)


---

### Final submission

* [**Non-negotiable**]{.t-salmon} deadlines
    + Imposed by university requirements for final grading timeline

* Please do not be late

---

#### Final submission — Code and documentation

* A zip file containing your code and documentation?

* Code must be executable in our computer to grade
    + Similar to homework submissions

* If you are using `git`, you might want to use `git archive` command
    + Otherwise, it might be a large file


---


### Next todos — Almost there!
* Final submission (12/15)
* [**Mandatory group review (12/16)**]{.t-salmon}

---

### Mandatory group review

* Evaluate performance of each group member ([**including yourself**]{.t-salmon})
* Check the [template](https://psu.instructure.com/courses/2416260/files/folder/Final%20Project?)

---

## Today

* **Status of the submission**
* What else needs to be done?
* Who is doing what and when?
* How can I help?

---



### Course feedback
#### Feedback = ❤️
* Help me make the class better
	* For you and for your fellow students next year!

---

#### Take a guess — how many students have completed SEEQ?

---


#### Take a guess — how many students have completed SEEQ?

~~2~~ 3 students 😔

---

#### SEEQ
* Not mandatory
    + No impact on your grade
* Your feedback is anonymous
* **Helpful for the college and future students**

---

#### Feedback = ❤️

* [SEEQ forms](https://seeq-student.k8s.psu.edu/SEEQ)
    + [**HCDD 340 - HCD for Mobile Computing**]{.t-salmon}

- What worked for you in the class?
- What should be changed?
- What should remain same?


---

## Today

* Status of the submission
* What else needs to be done?
* Who is doing what and when?
* How can I help?

---

